when islands that have a leveling feet
they're stainless steel leveling foot
they have a plastic bottom on it they'll
accept the half-inch wrench go ahead and
use an open end wrench on the bottom if
they will accept it for adjustment
you'll have a leveling pad on the bottom
that's welded to your Island one hole
will be a threaded hole the other hole
be your anchoring hole on your threaded
hole it's a 38 threaded stem and go
ahead and thread it on in pretty much
when you thread it in thread it all the
way up until it touches and then back
down just basically one turn that will
allow you to get your your wrench in
there unless you have a thin open end
wrench on that but that was a leveling
foot will help you out for lovely on an
even surface it will after you have your
leveling feet in on your Island pretty
much go through and put all your
leveling feet in to flip it on over and
now be time to bolt your island pieces
together you'll have a quarter 20
stainless steel bolt there will be two
sizes that are the most common sizes
you'll have a three and a half inch long
and a two and a half inch long bolt the
three and a half so for bolting the inch
and a half by inch and a half square
tubing together and the two and a half
inch long bolts are for bolting your one
by twos together it's recommended
because of the stainless of the Goulding
effect to use anti-seize on it you can
pick that up at a local hardware store
all you need is just a small little tube
they sell them in just real small
toothpaste size tubes but you put a
little dab on there and now keep your
bolts moving easily on you you'll also
have a self drill self tap tech screw
it'll take a 38 driver bit for driving
them into your tubing you'll have
pre-drilled holes in your tubes
that they'll go they'll be in and
they'll sit through and then they'll
have a solid tube on this side that
you'll just be able to drill right in
with it the three-eighths driver bid on
a drill medium speed is usually your
best speed for those you'll also need
seven sixteenths it's easier to have a
716 socket and a ratchet on one end and
then a seven sixteenths open end
combination wrench on the other end
after you have your Island all bolted
together you're going to be going
through and leveling it out and you
level it out you level it out with your
leveling feet on the floor and usually
anchor your floor first when you go to
your wall treat it just like a cabinet
you'll have to anchor it to the wall in
a couple spots the composite shims are
usually a better way to go on that with
a composite shim they want the terror a
trot get mildew or anything like that in
them they're easily broken just scoring
with a razor knife just like a regular
shim and then they'll snap for you but
the composite shims you can put those on
you're up against your wall depending on
what your house construction is whether
it's masonary block or would just
depends on what you're going to be using
as far as anchoring to the wall all your
nuts bolts tech screws will be supplied
for putting the islands together but
anchoring your Islands they'll be you
left go to your local hardware store for
that we use tap cons for going down into
the concrete and your slab use tapcon oh
we use stainless your that's our
recommendation on that
with that thought is the holy the LA and
then the Tao Khan will fit right into
the end of the mounting hole on your
bottom of your plate
stainless tech screws for attaching your
Hardie board there one inch long there a
countersunk Phillips bit they are self
real self tap point we're going into the
aluminum usually your best to run it on
a higher speed on your drill that will
thread make its drill into the aluminum
probably the quickest way in there and
thread for you go around your open